WRR-22683: Fixed first item wrongly marqueeing inside Dropdown list (#1817)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/ContextualPopupDecorator` to spot content only after the state has been updated, on popup open

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/ContextualPopupDecorator` to focus content only after the state has been updated when popup opens
```
